---
title:  FIO Release 2.2 on Mainnet
date:   2020-11-06 10:52:21
categories: release
badges:
 - type: warning
   tag: release
---

FIO release 2.2 was deployed on Mainnet on November 5th. This release includes the following new features:

* Adds the ability to burn FIO Addresses
* Makes FIO Addresses optional when voting for a block producer or proxying a vote
* Updates Block Producer Fee setting to make it easier to respond to changes in the price of the FIO Token

<!--more-->

For more information refer to the [Version 2.2 Release Notes](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fio.contracts/releases/tag/v2.2.2){:target="_blank"}.

### Detailed Overview

##### FIP-7

An owner should be able to burn their FIO Address ahead of expiration if they no longer wish to use it and want to purge all associated data. There are many reasons why someone would want to burn their FIO Address including business/personal requirements, cost effectiveness, or spam prevention. FIP-7 adds a new burnaddress contract action that enables the burning of a FIO Address.

##### FIP-9

Currently voting for a block producer or assigning your votes to a proxy requires that a user have a FIO Address. The FIO Address is needed to allow payment with bundled transactions instead of FIO tokens. FIP-9 makes voting and proxying votes easier for FIO users by allowing voting and proxying even when the token holder does not have a FIO Address. The FIO Address field can now be left blank when calling vote_producer and proxy_vote.

##### FIP-10

It is critical that fees associated with transactions on the FIO blockchain are set appropriately. Fee setting can be difficult for FIO Block Producers, who are in charge of fee setting for the protocol, due to fluctuations in the price of the FIO Token. FIP-10 updates the FIO fee voting functionality and enables Block Producers to set fee ratios (the relative cost of different transactions on the FIO blockchain) and fee multipliers (a single number that can be adjusted to track the price of the FIO Token). Subsequently, the multiplier can be adjusted in response to FIO Token price fluctuations.

