---
title:  FIO Release 2.3 on Mainnet
date:   2021-01-14
categories: release
badges:
 - type: info
   tag: release
---

FIO release 2.3 was deployed on Mainnet on January 14th. This release includes the following new features:

* Adds the ability to transfer FIO Addresses
* Enables users to transfer tokens to a new account and lock the tokens for a pre-defined period of time
* Adds the ability for wallets to map all tokens on a particular chain to a single public address
* Enables the purchase of multiple sets of bundled transactions

<!--more-->

For more information refer to the [Version 2.3 Release Notes](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fio.contracts/releases/tag/v2.3.0){:target="_blank"}.

### Detailed Overview

##### [FIP-1(b)](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0001.md){:target="_blank"}

Both FIO Domains and FIO Addresses are non-fungible tokens (NFTs) that are owned by a FIO Public Key. FIP-1(b) enables users to transfer their FIO Address (e.g., myname@mydomain) to a new owner. This release only allows transferring FIO Addresses that do not have any existing FIO Requests or Other Blockchain Transaction (OBT) records. 

##### [FIP-6](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0006.md){:target="_blank"}

Previously, there was no way for individuals to lock tokens for themselves as savings or for security reasons. In addition, there are certain cases where the FIO Foundation, or other groups or individuals, may want to grant or sell locked tokens. This release implements the ability to transfer tokens to a new account and lock those tokens on a pre-defined schedule. 

When the transfer of locked tokens is initiated, the target account (hashed from the provided FIO Public Key) is created, the specified amount of FIO Tokens are transferred to the account, and a lock for that amount is attached to the account. The account can function normally--funds may be transferred in and out of the account--except that the original amount of locked tokens remain locked until unlock periods are reached. 

##### [FIP-11(a)](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0011.md){:target="_blank"}

Bundled transactions make it easier for everyday users to interact with the FIO Protocol. Users pay a single annual fee for the FIO Address and get with it enough bundled transactions to cover an average amount of annual interaction with the FIO Chain. Currently, users who process more transactions than the annual amount of bundled transactions can either pay a per transaction fee for all additional transactions or renew their FIO Address early, which adds new bundle of transactions and extends FIO Address expiration date. However, heavy users have to run multiple Address renewals in sequence to increase their bundle count. This release enables users to purchase multiple sets of bundled transactions in a single blockchain transaction.

##### [FIP-18](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0018.md){:target="_blank"}

Previously, mapping other blockchain public keys to a FIO Address required a unique chain code and token code mapping for every key. This created unnecessary overhead in cases where multiple tokens on a particular chain share a single address (e.g., ERC20 tokens). This release allows the for a generic "*" token code to be used indicating all tokens for that chain are mapped to the same blockchain public key.