---
title:  FIO Version 3.4/2.8 Release Notes
date:   2022-10-18
categories: release
badges:
 - type: warning
   tag: release
---

FIO Chain 3.4 / FIO Contracts 2.8 is a major feature release from FIO. This release includes the FIO chain components to enable the wrapping of FIO tokens to WFIO on the Ethereum chain. It also enables the wrapping of FIO Domain NFTS onto the Polygon chain. Specifically, this release:

* Includes the FIO chain components required for [FIO Wrapping](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0017.md){:target="_blank"}
* Enables the sending of locked tokens to existing accounts 

<!--more-->

For more information refer to the [FIO Contract version 2.8 release notes](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fio.contracts/releases){:target="_blank"} and the [FIO chain version 3.4 release notes](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fio/releases/tag/v3.4.0){:target="_blank"}.

### Release Overview

#### [FIP-17a)](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0017a.md){:target="_blank"} - FIO Token Wrapping

FIO Wrapping enables FIO tokens to be used in rapidly growing Defi ecosystems such as Uniswap which rewards token holders for providing liquidity to decentralized exchanges.

This release adds a new **/wrap_fio_tokens** endpoint for the [wraptokens](/pages/api/fio-api/#options-wraptokens) action.

This action allows a user to wrap their FIO tokens onto another chain. For the initial version FIO tokens on the FIO chain will be wrapped to the equivalent number of WFIO tokens on the Ethereum chain. When FIO tokens are wrapped, they are first sent to an escrow contract on the FIO chain. Next, a set of oracles run by FIO validators detect the wrapped tokens and mint the equivalent amount of WFIO for the given Ethereum public address.

Wrapping cannot be accomplished entirely inside the FIO Protocol and therefore will not be possible with this FIP alone. This FIP only defines the functionality required in FIO Protocol. For detailed overview of the greater initiative see [Enable FIO Token and Domain NFT wrapping](https://fioprotocol.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WP/pages/7012357/Enable+FIO+Token+and+Domain+NFT+wrapping){:target="_blank"}.

#### [FIP-17b](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0017b.md){:target="_blank"} - FIO Domain Wrapping

FIO Domains are non-fungible tokens (NFTs) that are owned by a FIO Public Key. FIP-17b enables users to wrap their FIO Domain (e.g., @mydomain) to the Polygon chain. FIO Wrapping opens up new use cases for FIO Domains such as enabling FIO Domains to be traded on NFT trading sites like OpenSea as ERC-721s.

This release adds a new **/wrap_fio_domains** endpoint for the [wrapdomain](/pages/api/fio-api/#options-wrapdomain) action.

For the initial version FIO domains on the FIO chain will be wrapped onto the Polygon chain. When FIO domains are wrapped, they are first sent to an escrow contract on the FIO chain. Next, a set of oracles run by FIO validators detect the domain is in escrow and mint the equivalent domain NFT to the user's Polygon public address.

#### [FIP-41](https://github.com/fioprotocol/fips/blob/master/fip-0041.md){:target="_blank"} - Enable token locking to existing accounts

This FIP removes the restriction that `/transfer_locked_tokens` can only transfer tokens to a FIO Public Key which has not yet been established as an account

This release modifies the [trnsloctoks](/pages/api/fio-api/#options-trnsloctoks) action to enable the transfer of locked tokens to existing accounts.